

Skip to main content

## 📄️ Activeloop Deep Lake

Activeloop Deep Lake as a Multi-Modal Vector Store that stores embeddings and their metadata including text, Jsons, images, audio, video, and more. It saves the data locally, in your cloud, or on
Activeloop storage. It performs hybrid search including embeddings and their attributes.

## 📄️ Alibaba Cloud OpenSearch

Alibaba Cloud Opensearch is a one-stop platform to develop intelligent search services. OpenSearch was built on the large-scale distributed search engine developed by Alibaba. OpenSearch serves more
than 500 business cases in Alibaba Group and thousands of Alibaba Cloud customers. OpenSearch helps develop search services in different search scenarios, including e-commerce, O2O, multimedia, the
content industry, communities and forums, and big data query in enterprises.

## 📄️ AnalyticDB

AnalyticDB for PostgreSQL is a massively parallel processing (MPP) data warehousing service that is designed to analyze large volumes of data online.

## 📄️ Annoy

Annoy (Approximate Nearest Neighbors Oh Yeah) is a C++ library with Python bindings to search for points in space that are close to a given query point. It also creates large read-only file-based data
structures that are mmapped into memory so that many processes may share the same data.

## 📄️ Astra DB

This page provides a quickstart for using Astra DB and Apache Cassandra® as a Vector Store.

## 📄️ Atlas

Atlas is a platform by Nomic made for interacting with both small and internet scale unstructured datasets. It enables anyone to visualize, search, and share massive datasets in their browser.

## 📄️ AwaDB

AwaDB is an AI Native database for the search and storage of embedding vectors used by LLM Applications.

## 📄️ Azure Cosmos DB

Azure Cosmos DB for MongoDB vCore makes it easy to create a database with full native MongoDB support.

## 📄️ Azure Cognitive Search

Azure Cognitive Search (formerly known as Azure Search) is a cloud search service that gives developers infrastructure, APIs, and tools for building a rich search experience over private,
heterogeneous content in web, mobile, and enterprise applications.

## 📄️ BagelDB

BagelDB (Open Vector Database for AI), is like GitHub for AI data.

## 📄️ Baidu Cloud ElasticSearch VectorSearch

Baidu Cloud VectorSearch is a fully managed, enterprise-level distributed search and analysis service which is 100% compatible to open source. Baidu Cloud VectorSearch provides low-cost, high-
performance, and reliable retrieval and analysis platform level product services for structured/unstructured data. As a vector database , it supports multiple index types and similarity distance
methods.

## 📄️ Chroma

Chroma is a AI-native open-source vector database focused on developer productivity and happiness. Chroma is licensed under Apache 2.0.

## 📄️ Clarifai

Clarifai is an AI Platform that provides the full AI lifecycle ranging from data exploration, data labeling, model training, evaluation, and inference. A Clarifai application can be used as a vector
database after uploading inputs.

## 📄️ ClickHouse

ClickHouse is the fastest and most resource efficient open-source database for real-time apps and analytics with full SQL support and a wide range of functions to assist users in writing analytical
queries. Lately added data structures and distance search functions (like L2Distance) as well as approximate nearest neighbor search indexes enable ClickHouse to be used as a high performance and
scalable vector database to store and search vectors with SQL.

## 📄️ DashVector

DashVector is a fully-managed vectorDB service that supports high-dimension dense and sparse vectors, real-time insertion and filtered search. It is built to scale automatically and can adapt to
different application requirements.

## 📄️ DingoDB

DingoDB is a distributed multi-mode vector database, which combines the characteristics of data lakes and vector databases, and can store data of any type and size (Key-Value, PDF, audio, video,
etc.). It has real-time low-latency processing capabilities to achieve rapid insight and response, and can efficiently conduct instant analysis and process multi-modal data.

## 📄️ DocArray HnswSearch

DocArrayHnswSearch is a lightweight Document Index implementation provided by Docarray that runs fully locally and is best suited for small- to medium-sized datasets. It stores vectors on disk in
hnswlib, and stores all other data in SQLite.

## 📄️ DocArray InMemorySearch

DocArrayInMemorySearch is a document index provided by Docarray that stores documents in memory. It is a great starting point for small datasets, where you may not want to launch a database server.

## 📄️ Elasticsearch

Elasticsearch is a distributed, RESTful search and analytics engine, capable of performing both vector and lexical search. It is built on top of the Apache Lucene library.

## 📄️ Epsilla

Epsilla is an open-source vector database that leverages the advanced parallel graph traversal techniques for vector indexing. Epsilla is licensed under GPL-3.0.

## 📄️ Faiss

Facebook AI Similarity Search (Faiss) is a library for efficient similarity search and clustering of dense vectors. It contains algorithms that search in sets of vectors of any size, up to ones that
possibly do not fit in RAM. It also contains supporting code for evaluation and parameter tuning.

## 📄️ Faiss (Async)

Facebook AI Similarity Search (Faiss) is a library for efficient similarity search and clustering of dense vectors. It contains algorithms that search in sets of vectors of any size, up to ones that
possibly do not fit in RAM. It also contains supporting code for evaluation and parameter tuning.

## 📄️ Google Vertex AI Vector Search

This notebook shows how to use functionality related to the Google Cloud Vertex AI Vector Search vector database.

## 📄️ Hippo

Transwarp Hippo is an enterprise-level cloud-native distributed vector database that supports storage, retrieval, and management of massive vector-based datasets. It efficiently solves problems such
as vector similarity search and high-density vector clustering. Hippo features high availability, high performance, and easy scalability. It has many functions, such as multiple vector search indexes,
data partitioning and sharding, data persistence, incremental data ingestion, vector scalar field filtering, and mixed queries. It can effectively meet the high real-time search demands of enterprises
for massive vector data

## 📄️ Hologres

Hologres is a unified real-time data warehousing service developed by Alibaba Cloud. You can use Hologres to write, update, process, and analyze large amounts of data in real time.

## 📄️ LanceDB

LanceDB is an open-source database for vector-search built with persistent storage, which greatly simplifies retrevial, filtering and management of embeddings. Fully open source.

## 📄️ LLMRails

LLMRails is a API platform for building GenAI applications. It provides an easy-to-use API for document indexing and querying that is managed by LLMRails and is optimized for performance and accuracy.

## 📄️ Marqo

This notebook shows how to use functionality related to the Marqo vectorstore.

## 📄️ Meilisearch

Meilisearch is an open-source, lightning-fast, and hyper relevant search engine. It comes with great defaults to help developers build snappy search experiences.

## 📄️ Milvus

Milvus is a database that stores, indexes, and manages massive embedding vectors generated by deep neural networks and other machine learning (ML) models.

## 📄️ Momento Vector Index (MVI)

MVI: the most productive, easiest to use, serverless vector index for your data. To get started with MVI, simply sign up for an account. There's no need to handle infrastructure, manage servers, or be
concerned about scaling. MVI is a service that scales automatically to meet your needs.

## 📄️ MongoDB Atlas

MongoDB Atlas is a fully-managed cloud database available in AWS, Azure, and GCP. It now has support for native Vector Search on your MongoDB document data.

## 📄️ MyScale

MyScale is a cloud-based database optimized for AI applications and solutions, built on the open-source ClickHouse.

## 📄️ Neo4j Vector Index

Neo4j is an open-source graph database with integrated support for vector similarity search

## 📄️ NucliaDB

You can use a local NucliaDB instance or use Nuclia Cloud.

## 📄️ OpenSearch

OpenSearch is a scalable, flexible, and extensible open-source software suite for search, analytics, and observability applications licensed under Apache 2.0. OpenSearch is a distributed search and
analytics engine based on Apache Lucene.

## 📄️ Postgres Embedding

Postgres Embedding is an open-source vector similarity search for Postgres that uses Hierarchical Navigable Small Worlds (HNSW) for approximate nearest neighbor search.

## 📄️ PGVecto.rs

This notebook shows how to use functionality related to the Postgres vector database (pgvecto.rs). You need to install SQLAlchemy >= 2 manually.

## 📄️ PGVector

PGVector is an open-source vector similarity search for Postgres

## 📄️ Pinecone

Pinecone is a vector database with broad functionality.

## 📄️ Qdrant

Qdrant (read: quadrant ) is a vector similarity search engine. It provides a production-ready service with a convenient API to store, search, and manage points - vectors with an additional payload.
Qdrant is tailored to extended filtering support. It makes it useful for all sorts of neural network or semantic-based matching, faceted search, and other applications.

## 📄️ Redis

Redis vector database introduction and langchain integration guide.

## 📄️ Rockset

Rockset is a real-time search and analytics database built for the cloud. Rockset uses a Converged Index™ with an efficient store for vector embeddings to serve low latency, high concurrency search
queries at scale. Rockset has full support for metadata filtering and handles real-time ingestion for constantly updating, streaming data.

## 📄️ ScaNN

ScaNN (Scalable Nearest Neighbors) is a method for efficient vector similarity search at scale.

## 📄️ SemaDB

SemaDB from SemaFind is a no fuss vector similarity database for building AI applications. The hosted SemaDB Cloud offers a no fuss developer experience to get started.

## 📄️ SingleStoreDB

SingleStoreDB is a high-performance distributed SQL database that supports deployment both in the cloud and on-premises. It provides vector storage, and vector functions including dotproduct and
euclideandistance, thereby supporting AI applications that require text similarity matching.

## 📄️ scikit-learn

scikit-learn is an open-source collection of machine learning algorithms, including some implementations of the k nearest neighbors. SKLearnVectorStore wraps this implementation and adds the
possibility to persist the vector store in json, bson (binary json) or Apache Parquet format.

## 📄️ SQLite-VSS

SQLite-VSS is an SQLite extension designed for vector search, emphasizing local-first operations and easy integration into applications without external servers. Leveraging the Faiss library, it
offers efficient similarity search and clustering capabilities.

## 📄️ StarRocks

StarRocks is a High-Performance Analytical Database.

## 📄️ Supabase (Postgres)

Supabase is an open-source Firebase alternative. Supabase is built on top of PostgreSQL, which offers strong SQL querying capabilities and enables a simple interface with already-existing tools and
frameworks.

## 📄️ Tair

Tair is a cloud native in-memory database service developed by Alibaba Cloud.

## 📄️ Tencent Cloud VectorDB

Tencent Cloud VectorDB is a fully managed, self-developed, enterprise-level distributed database service designed for storing, retrieving, and analyzing multi-dimensional vector data. The database
supports multiple index types and similarity calculation methods. A single index can support a vector scale of up to 1 billion and can support millions of QPS and millisecond-level query latency.
Tencent Cloud Vector Database can not only provide an external knowledge base for large models to improve the accuracy of large model responses but can also be widely used in AI fields such as
recommendation systems, NLP services, computer vision, and intelligent customer service.

## 📄️ Tigris

Tigris is an open-source Serverless NoSQL Database and Search Platform designed to simplify building high-performance vector search applications.

## 📄️ TileDB

TileDB is a powerful engine for indexing and querying dense and sparse multi-dimensional arrays.

## 📄️ Timescale Vector (Postgres)

Timescale Vector is PostgreSQL++ vector database for AI applications.

## 📄️ Typesense

Typesense is an open-source, in-memory search engine, that you can either self-host or run on Typesense Cloud.

## 📄️ USearch

USearch is a Smaller & Faster Single-File Vector Search Engine

## 📄️ Vald

Vald is a highly scalable distributed fast approximate nearest neighbor (ANN) dense vector search engine.

## 📄️ Vearch

Vearch is the vector search infrastructure for deeping learning and AI applications.

## 📄️ Vectara

Vectara is a API platform for building GenAI applications. It provides an easy-to-use API for document indexing and querying that is managed by Vectara and is optimized for performance and accuracy.

## 📄️ Vespa

Vespa is a fully featured search engine and vector database. It supports vector search (ANN), lexical search, and search in structured data, all in the same query.

## 📄️ Weaviate

Weaviate is an open-source vector database. It allows you to store data objects and vector embeddings from your favorite ML-models, and scale seamlessly into billions of data objects.

## 📄️ Xata

Xata is a serverless data platform, based on PostgreSQL. It provides a Python SDK for interacting with your database, and a UI for managing your data.

## 📄️ Zep

Zep is an open-source platform for LLM apps. Go from a prototype

## 📄️ Zilliz

Zilliz Cloud is a fully managed service on cloud for LF AI Milvus®,

